sure with the woo Shing whoosh okay get
ready oh you have to my gosh well that's
how I whoosh no you have to loose my way
I can't help with my whooshes base here
than your whoosh okay fine ready what's
up Dana committee is so confused mrs.
like yeah here with Craig once again
okay yeah this is happening yeah mmm
it's kind of velcro feels like velcro
yeah that's why I want to stick to you
I'm glad we didn't stick together are
you sure are you sure are you sure no
this time of year people are just
overindulging I want to talk through it
I want to talk through okay you okay I'm
here to had a bunch of my viewers send
me their guilty pleasure foods okay I
want you to tell me the first word that
you think of the first word okay when I
say each food this is your views right
here this good bringing you the views
pizza yum Oreos tasty all the foods are
just gonna be the different ways to
describe how I want to eat it nipples
dabby happy nipple who do you know has
stabby navel this is Chicago it's cold
here by pizza bull pizza bagels crew
crunch I'll toast it so that's what the
word that came w / toast it don't over
toast your you're being I do like it I
like a more toasty you like him solder I
like to have them really piping hot on
the outside but then like an iceberg in
the middle so really toast gaming
outside but cold in the middle yeah like
men like me I like him I like I'm kind
of that's right I like I'm charred I
like I'm crunchy how do you like your I
can pound a nail into it would how do
you like your marshmallows when you
roast them on an open I actually like to
cook them slow like a slow gooey
marshmallow it says a lot about you yeah
doesn't you like to burn them I like to
just set it on fire and then
enjoy the crispiness so you are the
opposite when it comes to marshmallows
yeah and Becca said this this shows that
you're probably more into foreplay than
I am tatertot casserole hmm that's not a
word that's an expression sarma a
Serbian special dish gimme campaign and
even know what's in that no but if it's
anything like shwarma so just making it
things up that sound like it yeah what
do you think sarva it pork shank with
with the green sauce okay are there any
body parts in their body parts yeah
their new body parts in it uh well now
that you ask I'm thinking pig face pig
face yeah cabbage leaves that are
stuffed with a mixture of rice ground
beef pork and ham and then they are late
on a bed of sauerkraut and simmer to
completion that's the way they describe
that is very erotic it sounds good
except for the sauerkraut I think I
don't like sauerkraut Oh New Yorkers are
fair upset with you right if I'm in New
York I'm having a dirty water dog okay
and I don't hang out in those
neighborhoods ah there every
neighborhood okay and they put
sauerkraut on their hot dogs what don't
you put on a Chicago hot dog ketchup
yeah that's sin Taco Bell ground chuck
ground chuck is two words I don't know I
don't like I don't like Taco Bell there
I said it Oh what's your first choice
ever for for fast food fast food subway
I love subway apparently they put rubber
in their bread or something like rubber
ah but here's the thing my goal is to
become like
Oh before I retire hahaha shoe rubber
okay they fixed it okay but they fixed
it in February of this year shoe rubber
chemical removed from subway bread well
I'm glad I'm glad it's not in there have
you ever tried that bean boozled game
they're so gross the gross ones from oh
yeah yeah they taste like it's awful
yeah there's like diaper flavored jelly
bean it really does taste like diaper
not that I've tasted a diaper but I'm
assuming that if i take it tastes like
diaper smells if you were to bring any
food into the bedroom what would you
bring
fondue hahaha actually but like you got
to let the fondue simmer a little bit
well they don't want to be dangerous
yeah it's just like you for chocolate
sauce chocolate sauce it's called entire
body oh man safely warmed fondue I would
dip my forehead in it and then so it's
almost like you're using her or his
depending on your preference um body as
a canvas for your forehead my forehead
chocolate my forehead fondue art and use
the nose for fine tuning just do we want
to do this right now fine do challenge
yeah what I would do that any I'm not
doing it now will you do at your house
okay a little mess it'll kill em Cassie
tell me the comments down below you're
like guilty pleasure food that you just
cannot resist and we did a video over on
his channel you get to see me model
model my new he's like we know easy
rider he's got a device want to see that
video click here is an e-bike and
subscribe to this channel except post
videos every single day thumbs up equals
a kiss and a favorite equals a hug so I
some kisses and I'll see you all
tomorrow you sure it's not true not all
fat people want to be skinny there is
this belief that we're all like really
body positive because we have no choice
right and that if we had a choice
tomorrow we would be as thin as pop